The not now no
not now not now no
three years ago! not now
not now not pawpawpaw
not now no .. Ce Ce Cececee!
not now not now not now pereret
not now not now not pereret..
JAM !!
Parap parep perep paraw
perep perep parap paw parap parap paraw
apa itu ..
paw paw .. perep perep parapaw perep perep perepep perep perep paraw
katanya ..
cape di jee
paw paw .. perep perep parapaw perep perep perepep perep perep paraw
autobot please onboard
Man : broo..
Cameraman: jangan situ.. di kotak .. bawah bawah
one.. two..
one two three four
now now now now now now
now now now now now..
he he heyyy
now now now now now now
now now now now now
tre tre tre tre tre WOW !
now.. te pau pau pau
te pau pau pau te pau pau pau
gerobak kijang..
now.. te pau pau pau
te pau pau pau te pau pau pau
spare part ..
pow pow pow pow pow pow popopow
pow pow pow pow pow pow pow
tul terententil terententil terententil
hik hik haak
hek hek haak
tul terententil terententil terententil
terententil terententil terententil terententil
auk auk ak ak aww
tul terententil terententil terententil
terententil terententil terententil terententil
terenten he he he he he he he
selamat sore di je he he he e he he he he
e he he he he  e he he he he
on the one the wayum
hey!
pap palala lalap
pala palala lalap
pap palalap
pap pap pawap
ehek hek
aw aww